here are the list of 19 things we do in
bed spooning and getting a face full of
hair spooning and the awkward boner
waking up to morning breath bad sleepers
doggy style
sleep stalkers go Dutch of it talking
shit on Facebook star while dancing wake
up and can't move
sexting watching TV don't you stop while
looking in the mirror wake up and you
can move your arm doggystyle while
making faces
doggystyle and pulling the hair
crying crying while masturbating crying
while masturbating while picking up
something off the floor
don't judge me all right just just don't
judge me that's ferment well guys this
is how we think
just letting know what happened lie to
you
[Music]